#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
clarabel==0.9.0
    # via cvxpy
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-external-toc
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cvxopt==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cvxpy==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.12
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.55.6
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   myst-nb
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   myst-nb
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-book==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-cache==1.0.1
    # via myst-nb
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.11.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
latexcodec==3.0.0
    # via pybtex
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via jupyter-book
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.0
    # via nbconvert
myst-nb==1.1.2
    # via jupyter-book
myst-parser==2.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-server
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.3.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clarabel
    #   contourpy
    #   cvxpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   osqp
    #   pandas
    #   qdldl
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   scs
    #   seaborn
osqp==0.6.7.post3
    # via cvxpy
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-jupyterbook-latex
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.1.0
    # via matplotlib
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==6.1.1
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.3
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.16.1
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.2.1
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-events
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex
    #   sphinx-external-toc
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
qdldl==0.1.7.post5
    # via osqp
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   clarabel
    #   cvxpy
    #   osqp
    #   qdldl
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scs
scs==3.2.7.post2
    # via cvxpy
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.4.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-comments
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-external-toc
    #   sphinx-jupyterbook-latex
    #   sphinx-multitoc-numbering
    #   sphinx-thebe
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
sphinx-book-theme==1.1.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-comments==0.0.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-design==0.6.1
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-external-toc==1.0.1
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-jupyterbook-latex==1.0.0
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-multitoc-numbering==0.1.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-thebe==0.3.1
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-togglebutton==0.3.2
    # via jupyter-book
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.6.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.37
    # via jupyter-cache
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-cache
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   myst-nb
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   python-json-logger
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
